we go he traced everyone for the Hornets
getting set to go world lined up squared
up ready to go
and a charm record for the Hornets here
they come the mighty Hornets your front
row Eric Gonzales and Todd Proulx here
comes heat race number one four wide for
the lead in the opening quarters of the
race watch jeopardy getting jr. makes
totemic fields and he goes into the
fence and Todd fruits into the fifth
turnover wanna has a twenty eighty
everybody thirteen junior was at the
bottom of the Speedway they went fair
one he checked up and the fifty approach
had a piece of that and he went through
the fence and turn over one last time
this happened was with sison Fuentes
back in 2010 when he made contact with
Mike strength pay and Terry charming I
will hunt him did a full flip and went
over the fence he cleared the fence now
it's Todd fruits
ladies and gentlemen from turnover once
you turn over fourth let's talk hey
toner are you gonna get that thing ready
for the main event the accident scene
down the backs right away red flag
condition first red flag
of the night